note that output of jsonencode is minified (#29088)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/functions/jsonencode.html.md

`\u003c`, `\u003e`, `\u0026`, `\u2028`, and `\u2029`. This is to preserve
compatibility with Terraform 0.11 behavior.

> The output of `jsonencode` is a minified representation of the input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`jsonencode` outputs a minified representation of the input.
```

Author: Pushed the suggested wording change.
